James Adler is a pianist who “can create whatever type of music he wants at the keyboard” (Chicago Sun-Times) and a composer who writes “with uncommon imagination” (Atlanta Journal-Constitution). Mr. Adler made his orchestral performing debut with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and has appeared in recital on the Orchestra’s Allied Arts Piano Series, and the Dame Myra Hess Memorial Concerts Series. His appearances have brought him from Chicago’s Grant Park, to London’s Royal Albert Hall (broadcast by the BBC), to Thesseloniki, Greece, to New York’s Alice Tully Hall, Symphony Space, and the Paramount Theatre at Madison Square Garden. His extensive list of compositions is headed by Memento mori: An AIDS Requiem. Performed worldwide, recorded by AmorArtis Chorale and Orchestra, and published by Alfred Music, Memento mori features a “range of expression [that] is expansive” and is “a unique, well-crafted, emotionally rich piece” (American Record Guide). Other compositions include Reflections upon a September morn (poetry by Walt Whitman); Monday’s Child, performed at The Cathedral of Saint John the Divine and at The Metropolitan Museum of Art; Daughters of Music, commissioned by Sigma Alpha Iota International Music Fraternity Fort Worth Alumnae Chapter; Carols of Splendour, premiered at Carnegie Hall; 

Dr. Beth Adubato is an associate professor in the Department of Criminal Justice. She has a B.A. in English, an M.A. in Criminal Justice, and a Master’s in Public Affairs and Politics, from the Bloustein School of Planning and Policy—all at Rutgers. She received a Ph.D. in 2011, also from Rutgers, and her dissertation, Fanning the Flames: Televised, Professional Football and Domestic Violence has been made into a book. Dr. Adubato has written articles for peer-reviewed journals, government publications, book reviews, encyclopedias, and has made numerous conference presentations. She is also the author of Grammar for Grownups and Life’s a Mother.
Before her academic career, in 1996, Adubato became a news anchor/reporter in Alpena, Michigan, at the smallest CBS affiliate in the country. From there, she became the morning anchor at WICU-TV in Erie Pennsylvania. She was then the first woman to anchor the sports in Birmingham, Alabama at WIAT-TV. Next, she worked for Metro TV in New York City, Court TV, and at News 12 NJ from 2005 through 2013. As an actor, she has appeared as a news reporter on Law & Order: Criminal Intent, Cupid, and The Following.

Dr. Badiei obtained her Ph.D. in Inorganic Chemistry in 2009 from Georgetown University in Washington DC and was the recipient of the Harold Glassman Award for Best Dissertation in Sciences in 2010. She further pursued her postdoctoral studies at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, and Brookhaven National Laboratory in NY. She has published many articles in international peer-reviewed journals and presented her worked in various symposia and conferences. Dr. Badiei actively performs research with undergraduate students, and her research interests are in molecular catalysis, inorganic and organic synthesis, coordination chemistry, water-oxidation, electrode fabrication and catalyst immobilization for making sustainable energy fuels. Dr. Badiei is also the co-PI of the NSF Robert NOYCE grant which aims at recruiting and preparing STEM students to pursue a career in teaching K-12. Dr. Badiei is also involved in an NSF HSI STEM grant at Saint Peter’s University which aims at connecting and involving students in career opportunities in industry. Dr. Badiei is also actively working on outreach projects with high school communities to enhance their learning experience of energy and sustainability topics.